examples_src/README.md, before:

## Widget configuration for the examples

This section describes the following steps to configure and enable a set of
example widgets for OE Application. Here **examples_src** is the directory that
contains simple widgets source files, whereas **examples_dist** is the directory
that contains simple widgets prepared for use.

In order to enable example widgets:

- Copy all html files from **examples_dist** directory on your _http server_.
- Create a new model
- Open this model in KMM
- Navigate to SPARQL Editor
- Paste the following SPARQL script:

```
    PREFIX myNamespace: <http://myCompany.com/#>
    PREFIX semwidgets: <http://www.smartlogic.com/2016/02/semaphore-widgets#>
    PREFIX semfun: <http://www.smartlogic.com/2015/02/semaphore-functions#>
    INSERT {
      GRAPH ?tchGraphUri {
        ?tchGraphUri semwidgets:hasWidget myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia.
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia a semwidgets:Widget.
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia rdfs:label "Wikipedia Example Widget" .
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia semwidgets:widgetUrl "http://widget.full.url.address/widgetWikipedia.html" .
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia semwidgets:widgetIcon "fa fa-wikipedia-w".
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia semwidgets:notificationEmail "notification@email.address".
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia semwidgets:timeoutInSeconds "30".
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia semwidgets:allowedRole sempermissions:viewer .
        ?tchGraphUri semwidgets:hasWidget myNamespace:WidgetApi.
        myNamespace:WidgetApi a semwidgets:Widget.
        myNamespace:WidgetApi rdfs:label "Api Presentation Example Widget" .
        myNamespace:WidgetApi semwidgets:widgetUrl "http://widget.full.url.address/widgetApiPresentation.html" .
        myNamespace:WidgetApi semwidgets:widgetIcon "fa fa-list".
        myNamespace:WidgetApi semwidgets:notificationEmail "notification@email.address".
        myNamespace:WidgetApi semwidgets:timeoutInSeconds "30".
        myNamespace:WidgetApi semwidgets:allowedRole sempermissions:viewer .
        ?tchGraphUri semwidgets:hasWidget myNamespace:WidgetSolr.
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr a semwidgets:Widget.
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr rdfs:label "Lexical Resources Example Widget" .
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr semwidgets:widgetUrl "http://widget.full.url.address/widgetLexicalResources.html" .
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr semwidgets:widgetIcon "fa fa-puzzle-piece".
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr semwidgets:notificationEmail "notification@email.address".
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr semwidgets:timeoutInSeconds "30".
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr semwidgets:allowedRole sempermissions:viewer
      }
    }
    WHERE {
      BIND( semfun:currentTchGraphUri() as ?tchGraphUri )
    }
```

- Replace "http://widget.full.url.address/" with the _http server_ with widget files
- Change (SPARQL Editor) "Mode" to "SPARQL 1.1 Update"
- Click "Submit Query" button
- Navigate to model's list
- Re-Open model
- Create a new concept scheme

**View menu** should contain 3 additional positions
("Wikipedia Example Widget", "Api Presentation Example Widget", and "Lexical Resources Example Widget")

Please refer to [(Configuration Documentation)](../doc/Configuration.md) for further details.

Commit message:

Update documentation to reflect withdrawal of Wikipedia API

examples_src/README.md, after:

## Widget configuration for the examples

This section describes the following steps to configure and enable a set of
example widgets for OE Application. Here **examples_src** is the directory that
contains simple widgets source files, whereas **examples_dist** is the directory
that contains simple widgets prepared for use.

In order to enable example widgets:

- Copy all html files from **examples_dist** directory on your _http server_.
- Create a new model
- Open this model in KMM
- Navigate to SPARQL Editor
- Paste the following SPARQL script:

```
    PREFIX myNamespace: <http://myCompany.com/#>
    PREFIX semwidgets: <http://www.smartlogic.com/2016/02/semaphore-widgets#>
    PREFIX semfun: <http://www.smartlogic.com/2015/02/semaphore-functions#>
    INSERT {
      GRAPH ?tchGraphUri {
        ?tchGraphUri semwidgets:hasWidget myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia.
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia a semwidgets:Widget.
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia rdfs:label "Wikipedia Example Widget" .
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia semwidgets:widgetUrl "http://widget.full.url.address/widgetWikipedia.html" .
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia semwidgets:widgetIcon "fa fa-wikipedia-w".
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia semwidgets:notificationEmail "notification@email.address".
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia semwidgets:timeoutInSeconds "30".
        myNamespace:WidgetWikipedia semwidgets:allowedRole sempermissions:viewer .
        ?tchGraphUri semwidgets:hasWidget myNamespace:WidgetApi.
        myNamespace:WidgetApi a semwidgets:Widget.
        myNamespace:WidgetApi rdfs:label "Api Presentation Example Widget" .
        myNamespace:WidgetApi semwidgets:widgetUrl "http://widget.full.url.address/widgetApiPresentation.html" .
        myNamespace:WidgetApi semwidgets:widgetIcon "fa fa-list".
        myNamespace:WidgetApi semwidgets:notificationEmail "notification@email.address".
        myNamespace:WidgetApi semwidgets:timeoutInSeconds "30".
        myNamespace:WidgetApi semwidgets:allowedRole sempermissions:viewer .
        ?tchGraphUri semwidgets:hasWidget myNamespace:WidgetSolr.
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr a semwidgets:Widget.
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr rdfs:label "Lexical Resources Example Widget" .
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr semwidgets:widgetUrl "http://widget.full.url.address/widgetLexicalResources.html" .
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr semwidgets:widgetIcon "fa fa-puzzle-piece".
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr semwidgets:notificationEmail "notification@email.address".
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr semwidgets:timeoutInSeconds "30".
        myNamespace:WidgetSolr semwidgets:allowedRole sempermissions:viewer
      }
    }
    WHERE {
      BIND( semfun:currentTchGraphUri() as ?tchGraphUri )
    }
```

- Replace "http://widget.full.url.address/" with the _http server_ with widget files
- Change (SPARQL Editor) "Mode" to "SPARQL 1.1 Update"
- Click "Submit Query" button
- Navigate to model's list
- Re-Open model
- Create a new concept scheme

**View menu** should contain 3 additional positions
("Wikipedia Example Widget", "Api Presentation Example Widget", and "Lexical Resources Example Widget")

Note, because the Wikipedia API was discontinued in July 2023 this version of the widget no longer works.
The version that is currently live, is on the internal SidePanelWidgets GIT repo
Please refer to [(Configuration Documentation)](../doc/Configuration.md) for further details.
